Describe your process. At a high level, how did you go about creating this project?

At a high level I used a very spec driven development. I created an initial spec that outlined
what the project is and the general workflow I wanted. Then I created seperate specs for each of 
the parts of the project that I believed were the most difficult. I had Claude browser mode help me
generate the techstack and overall spec for each of these elements. Then I had Claude code read over
all the specs to understand completely what the requirements were and how to achieve it. I also used
Manus very heavily to generate mock ups for the frontend. I believe that the biggest bottleneck with 
AI driven development is vision. AI doesn't know what your vision is when it comes to appearance 
and final product. Therefore, giving it a reference is super helpful in my opinion. 

What AI tools and strategies did you use? What models did you choose, and were you using them in a browser chat, in something like Cursor, in the command line, etc? Did you use an agentic process like in HW8, or something else?

I used Claude Code, ChatGPT, and Manus. I decided to do an agentic process with spec driven development. 
I used a mix of both browser tools and IDE integrated tools. 

Why did you make the choices above?

Claude Code is the best agent for coding imo so I chose to use that for the brunt of the coding work. 
I also really like Manus for image generation so I used that for the mock up generation. ChatGPT was
also just really helpful to start at a fresh slate and get another opinion since Claude code is so 
influenced by what I've been telling it already and it sometimes gets confused. 

What changed from your pre-113 approach? Compare your approach to how you might have approached the project before 15-113. What has changed, if anything? Do you feel more or less well-equipped to create projects like this within a reasonable time frame?

The big changes are some of the overarching approaches. Pre 113 I would still spend a lot of time planning, 
and using other AI tools to help generate more detailed prompts. However, post 113 I do a lot a lot more planning in comparison. 
This includes creating the specs, creating mock ups of everything, and writing out multiple implementation plans. I am also
a lot more knowledgeable about the various topics (SQL, app development, frontend backend, etc) so it's much easier
for me to generate more specific prompts rather than trusting Claude to do everything for me. In a sense, 113 was 
super helpful to get fast exposure to so many important skills in web/app dev that I did not understand previously. 
I definitely feel more equiped to create projects under a tight timeframe, but I would say that I still don't
really understnad/look at the code AI writes lol. 

What might you do with this project with more time?

One idea I wasn't able to implement is the pottery generation. I wanted to have it so that when you click a button
it takes all the generated shards and combines them into a pottery piece with the image inside the shards intact. This
was super complicated and I just did not have enough usage limits to get this completed. But in the future I would definitely
like to expand upon this project. 